TINY-7795: Ctrl+Shift+Home/End doesn't work when content starts/ends with CEF block (#7826)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Switching between unordered and ordered lists would incorrectly alter any parent element that contained that list #TINY-8068
- The URL detection used for `autolink` and smart paste didn't work if a path segment contained valid characters such as `!` and `:` #TINY-8069
- Copy events were not dispatched in readonly mode #TINY-6800

> - Using Ctrl+Shift+Home/End (Cmd+Shift+Up/Down on Mac) could not expand the selection when `contenteditable="false"` element was at the edge of content #TINY-7795

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using Ctrl+Shift+Home/End (Cmd+Shift+Up/Down on Mac) would not expand the selection when a `contenteditable="false"` element was at the edge of content #TINY-7795
```
